Hello, today we are beautiful
wonderful beach when called nay
harn is in the south of the island phuket
in the last issue we were on the frame and
this beach is a little westwards
here leaves is all sorts of beautiful
picturesque otel with beautiful
terraces there massage the restaurant and
on the other hand is just already
the beach itself
let's go to him now i see from here
well there is so beautiful blue sky and
beautiful water in general i
told let's go see you
come to the descent on the beach con
such it is quite sharp little
ladder
in the same place about you and some water sea and people
now not so much but we are proceeding now
all see so send
here we are on the beach actually nai beach
harn has long been non-tourist
but now he is getting more
popular including among
Russian tourists our guys here in
difference from the previous two beach already
you can calmly swim here
nice and very sandy white and soft
sand and the bottom of the sea, too, in principle
shortbread is why the beach is not suitable
for snorkeling but out of season here
quite strong waves so here
you can even slightly sunbathe and
here lives a huge amount of them exactly
I do not remember the prices like 100 baht per lie
what basically can come here
relax just kind of cool
on the sea
beautiful islands are here too
boats all yachts damn this place too
very cool for just
for a photo let's say behind me like
times if the view is a windmill
is she sleeping just on the cape which
called promteh one of the most southerly
points of the island in principle it is such a very
quiet place fits don't know for
such a relaxing stay around here
mountains and palms I will show you right now
Now the sea ​​is calm I am right now
the end is the very end of January in the courtyard and
you absolutely have no waves to confuse and how
time is a separate complexes
I represent which one of them
probably opens very cool but also
mountains mountains we can practically say
in the Urals only 140 on these mountains
grow over it at the entrance to the water here
calm then there are no corals
there is no such thing at the bottom white soft
the sand here now I do not even fall
sand on his feet and he is so nice and
here already, by the way, even with bikes, everything
fenced too principle for swimming
children fit wonderful beach not
the same long so get one
side of the hotel, I stand and here there is just
already starting tired and there too me
it seems for being so quiet there
and fewer tourists for here in principle not
so many tourists that is for the season
there is almost empty if we want to compare
some kind of baron or patong here
just silence no one at all and the most
which is nice and there is no
entertainment wadi on water bikes and
so nothing for swimming
interferes not interfere you can calmly
come kids and swim
north of the beach nai harn where
is just rocks right here
such a canal with fresh water flows in
straight to the sea and according to the temperature he should
be my cool looking for an excuse
did not climb it yes that's so clever when
fresh water combines with salty and
feast in this channel ok children frolic
or swims and adults and to
go to the side in time for the rocks where
we will go now
just need to go through this water
through the canal
we got to the part where
just rocks, I basically alien to them
they are sharp enough but for
photo shoots are just perfect
here in this part is just very very
few people and she is so wilder
I think it's perfect to spend time here
in peace and quiet that is can be removed
either lie or come with their own
towel and quietly sunbathe I
I hope that you liked the release of
this beautiful beach beach nai armen pro
feet to that pearl pack i
changed his opinion consider
definitely worth a look
near there is a lake nai harn
also very beautiful on it really not
buy but you can see too
the following issues we will talk more about
other beaches that are in Phuket
such that we are probably the most large
famous
Here and on this I think that can be
finish thanks a lot for watching
subscribe to the channel leave your
comments ask questions to everyone bye
Abelyan ara vai not far there is fish
the market there you can buy fresh fish
shrimp squid lobster and right there
do not cook us fish
and the beach